[Autogenerated] with computing power becoming more and
more available for modern applications,
speed is no longer a luxury but rather a demand.
Faster running work flows are better and make for better user
experience to improve the performance off the work floor.
We're going to run some steps in Pailin.
In this demo.
We're going to create a workflow that rough steps in
parallel and demonstrate how running steps in parallel can
help us improve our work flows.
Professor performance.
We're going to use the report generation flow that we created in the
previous clips and updated to add one more step.
Some clients want their reports to be stored and accessible for
later use brothers and just emailing them.
Since the email step and the new storage step are independent off each other,
they can be running parallel in order for the workflow to complete faster.
Let's navigate to the step functions co soul and create a new copy off our work.
So we can do that.
Using the copy to New Bottle.
We are going to add a new step with the type parallel,
and the next step for these will be the cleanup step.
The first breath off our pilot state is going to be the email step.
So let's remove it from the main workflow and place it here as the first branch.
Since the steps inside a branch can Onley interact
with other steps inside that branch, we need to remove the catch logic,
since now it cannot point from here to the cleanup step.
But the retrial,
logic and state and also we need to remove the next property and
replace it with an since this step is going to be the first and the
last step inside this branch for the next step,
we're going to add a task,
Steve that points to a lender function that will do the long term storage.
And as an import, it will take the same e mail file into a property called Fire.
Now we need to replace all the next properties that
were pointing to the email steps.
So the point to the email and store step We have two
occurrences where the next step points to the emails that in
the shooter encrypt step where we need to change both female
reports steps to the email and store,
and also in the map email path for encrypted report,
which points to the email step.
Now it is to point to the email and store step.
And when were you first the diagram.
We see that the email snap is not replaced by a block,
which has the email on the story.
Step inside.
This is an indicator that these steps will run in parallel.
Let's finish creating the work slow, and then we can execute it.
What's the workflow is created that start a new execution using
the same payload as we used to before the email on the long term
story step will run in parallel, which saves us sometimes.
So we don't have to wait for both steps, which will make our workflow faster.
It's important to know that the output of apparently
step is not the same as other steps.
The violence step will output in a way,
with the output off all steps in order as they are defined in the world.
For definition.
If we look at the output off the poor Eliza,
the doctor will reside in the email in store output,
and as we can see, it's an array.
The ray has two values.
One for the males that on one for the storage step and if we had more steps,
very would contain more values.
That's all for running workflow steps in parallel.
This is a very powerful feature that can help us
reduce work for on time by a lot.
If you rest,
that's then do not require input from other steps to complete in parallel.
To achieve the best performance,
you should always look for steps that can run independently off others and group them into parallel stance.